The Joe Rogan experience.
Is it possible that we were in this weird state with
people because we've decided that we are,
we're losing power and other aspects of our life.
So we're getting more and more determined to take it back and other places,
because the fact that so many people have been denied,
the ability to make a living. I mean, it's kind of crazy. I mean,
I don't know what to think about it,
but it seems to me that if I'm allowed to go to certain essential businesses
with a mask on and no one's dying. I mean,
if I'm going to a supermarket and everyone's wearing a mask,
everybody seems okay. Right. And scientists seem to think they're okay.
Like w what point in time do we allow that for everywhere?
And at what point in time do we, uh, allow people to take chances?
We allow people to flip dirt bikes.
We allow people to jump out of helicopters.
We allow people to do all kinds of crazy. We allow people to wingsuit. Why,
why don't we allow people to not wear a mask?
Why don't we allow people to open up their business?
Why don't we allow people to do whatever they wanted to do?
Is it the really the right? And the idea is, well,
you have to protect the other people. I agree. You do have to protect,
protect the other people.
But one of the things that's going to make the other people more vulnerable is
the collapsed the economy. And we're not saying that for some reason,
there's this weird thing where politicians want you to love them,
and they want you to love them.
So if you are leaning towards defunding the beliefs and,
and making sure that, uh,
all the socialism ideas get accepted into major universities,
and it gets taught in the curriculum and grade school,
if you drone on enough and the person who's running for mayor knows the only way
that they can win is to embrace your ideas.
They're going to do it because a dirty system, it doesn't make any sense.
And you should be able to vote from your phone, right. But you can't. Right?
So we get this weird corrupted intertwined system that it
it's, it's all food. Well.
First of all, every country gets the government. She deserves. Um, the question,
the question is not, why do we allow people to tell us what to do it is,
why are we allowing them to actually tell us what to do? Who is no,
seriously, we are afraid. We've been,
the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. This is a good one.
It's one thing to say, you playing might crash. The car might crash.
You might get hit by a car. You might die of an overdose.
It's another thing to say, some other without a mass might kill you.
That's some real fear, and that's not to be taken lightly. That is not to be,
and they have, they have with us over this.
I don't care whether it's true or not,
or what's true or not the cavalier nature of this shutdown and fear and
colors and stages and numbers and charts and connecting it to the stock
market. I don't like that about president Trump at all,
but see he at what he calls the economy.
I don't know if he's behind this digital dollar or not,
but I think we're all going to be taken care of.
The 10 million are going to be on a universal, basic income,
and that's going to happen. I'm not worried about that,
but what are we left with? And just,
where do we go from there is going to be the question because what does,
what does Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, his slogan?
Do you know what their slogan is? Brain damage and prison time. It should be
build back better. Hmm. So that's pretty,
that's pretty clever. Okay. Hey,
it's so clever that the same slogan is used by the United nations. The,
um, the green new deal organization, 360 3 fifty.org.
Boris Johnson is using it as his campaign,
Francois McColl using it as his campaign, uh,
Justin Trudeau build back better. This is a globalist plan.
Build back better. This is a globalist plant.
It means we're going to shut down all,
uh, coal and, uh, uh, and gas and fracking.
And we're going as much as possible. The transition to solar and wind.
Does that sound like a good idea? If it's feasible.
I don't think it's feasible. And, uh, but,
but what is being promised with the green new deal is we will create good paying
green new jobs. Now that's just a philosophy,
whether you think is good or not right now, I don't think so, but for sure,
I know that bill gates, who was a big part of, you know,
this green new deal that he's investing in nuclear plants,
because when the sun don't shine in the window and blow,
you need some power and it's going to come from his nuclear plants.
How does bill gates have ambition left?
Oh man, maybe he's being blackmailed.
What'd he think he knows?
No, I think he's being blackmailed of stuff. He's done.
I don't know if that sweater allegedly. Yeah. What was it? Someone's.
Got a picture of him when a tank top on doing, doing the most muscular.
Yeah.
You can't. This is another thing, man. This whole Epstein business,
this has gotten.
Millennials. Bill gates meets with Jeffrey Epstein.
Many times, despite his past.
It's gotten everyone nuts. The kids are going like, ah, that guy, and you know,
this is good though. Cause there's something there.
Obviously there's obviously something there. Obviously something there. Wait.
A minute, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Stop.
You seem to be one of those guys. Who's really into conspiracies. No,
let me break this down. Let me break this down.
There's no way there's anything more to what you're seeing in the news.
When it comes to a story, excuse me, please, sir.
About a man who, uh,
traveled to island with bill Clinton 26 times.
Did he fly with bill 26 times or did he to the government just find me?
They just took the money straight out of my digital dollar wallet. Yeah.
You thought you were son.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.